# ESCA-LEVIOSA-AR-MENU-
Digital Marketing, Augmented Reality, and Mobile Computing are three technology trends dominating the commerce world. In this project, we are proposing an Android app based on Augmented Reality, which is going to help restaurants to provide better service to their customers. This project presents an application on mobile phones that represents menus into a 3D model of the dishes present on it. The system runs on an android platform mobile phone. It uses image recognition to trace and register image markers. Then, it processed the input into a pre-processed feature database of menu items using Features from Accelerated Segment Test (FAST) implemented by Vuforia Library. The system will check the database, and after the matching it will generate the 3D model of the food using the Unity 3D game engine. It is able to trace and render up to six 3D models of the dishes in real-time. This app has various new features like real-time tagging and food identifier. Firstly, the presented Android Application is opened. The camera will start automatically which require to scan the menu with the dishes. When you scan the menu, an augmented 3D models of all the items present on that menu will pop up. Now you can see 3D dishes on your table through the android device. Calories for every item is shown alongside the 3D model. Along with this we have an animated video which will let other restaurants share their menu cards with us and also work along with us.   

# Downloadle link
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/19SX3fVYfs1S4z1sJQHlonqZQsBx-EJea?usp=sharing
